apps/web-app-template/README.md, before:

# WorldWindJS Web App Template
A template for creating a __worldwindjs__ web app with Bootstrap and Knockout.

This project template lets you quickly build a [WorldWind](https://worldwind.arc.nasa.gov/web/) 
web app using [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/getting-started/introduction/) 
and [Knockout](http://knockoutjs.com/index.html). You will build a feature-rich, responsive, 
customizable web app ready to be deployed to your site. This template includes:

- Initializing WorldWind with 3D globes and/or 2D maps
- Configuring and managing layers and settings
- Place name searches and geocoding
- Creating placemarks
- Going to locations
- Multi-globe support

Here's what this template looks like online in GitHub pages: [worldwind-web-app](https://emxsys.github.io/worldwind-web-app) 

## Quick Start

Do you want to start developing right away? 

- Fork/clone this project or [download the source](https://github.com/emxsys/worldwind-web-app/archive/master.zip)
- View the tutorial "[How to Build a WorldWind Web App](https://emxsys.github.io/worldwind-web-app-tutorial/)"

Are you interested in building a WorldWind web app using [React](https://reactjs.org)? 
Check out the [WorldWind React](https://github.com/emxsys/worldwind-react-app) project.

Commit message:

Improved the web app template (#6)
* Updated README Quick Start.

* Added world.png from Maps Icons Collection https://mapicons.mapsmarker.com

* Changed index.html to use world.png

* Changed app.js to use local images for pushpins

* Minor change to README

* Fixed a corrupt image file.

apps/web-app-template/README.md, after:

# WorldWindJS Web App Template
A template for creating a __worldwindjs__ geo-browser web app with Bootstrap and Knockout.

This project template lets you quickly build a [WorldWindJS](https://emxsys.github.io/worldwindjs) 
web app using [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/getting-started/introduction/) 
and [Knockout](http://knockoutjs.com/index.html). You will build a feature-rich, responsive, 
customizable web app ready to be deployed to your site. This template includes:

- Initializing WorldWindJS with 3D globes and/or 2D maps
- Configuring and managing layers and settings
- Place name searches and geocoding
- Creating placemarks
- Going to locations
- Multi-globe support

Here's what this template looks like online in GitHub pages: [worldwind-web-app](https://emxsys.github.io/worldwind-web-app) 

## Quick Start

1. Copy the __web-app-template__ folder contents to root of a web app project.
2. Copy __worldind.min.js__ and/or  __worldwind.js__ from the build/dist folder or from the releases to your web app project. 
3. Unzip __images.zip__ found in the build/dist folder or in releases to the root of your web app project. 
4. Edit __index.hmtl__ and ensure a correct path to either __worldwind.js__ or __worldwind.min.js__
5. Edit __app.js__ and ensure the a correct path to images like pushpins


## More Information 

- View the tutorial "[How to Build a WorldWind Web App](https://emxsys.github.io/worldwind-web-app-tutorial/)"
- Are you interested in building a WorldWind web app using [React](https://reactjs.org)? Check out the [worldwind-react-app](https://github.com/emxsys/worldwind-react-app) project.
