docs/index.md, before:

# How to Build a WorldWindJS Web App

This tutorial shows you how to build a [WorldWindJS](https://github.com/emxsys/worldwindjs) web app
using [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/getting-started/introduction/) and 
[Knockout](http://knockoutjs.com/index.html). You will build a feature-rich, responsive, 
customizable web app ready to be deployed to your site. This tutorial demonstrates:

- Initializing WorldWindJS with 3D globes and/or 2D maps
- Configuring and managing layers and settings
- Place name searches and geocoding
- Creating placemarks
- Going to locations
- Multi-globe support

This is what we will build:
<script async src="//jsfiddle.net/emxsys/e0a2z1km/embed/result/"></script>


## Quick Start

Do you want to start developing right away? 

- Download the documentation and the completed web app: [Complete Source](https://github.com/emxsys/worldwindjs/tree/master/apps/web-app-template)
- View the completed tutorial: [Final Result](https://jsfiddle.net/emxsys/e0a2z1km/)

Are you interested in building a WorldWindJS web app using [React](https://reactjs.org)? 
Look here: [WorldWind React](https://github.com/emxsys/worldwind-react-app).


## Let's Begin

- [Lesson 1: HTML with Bootstrap](lesson-1.md) 
- [Lesson 2: WorldWind Globe](lesson-2.md) 
- [Lesson 3: Layer Management with Knockout](lesson-3.md) 
- [Lesson 4: Place Search and Geocoding](lesson-4.md)

Commit message:

Improved the project's web page overview.

docs/index.md, after:

# Overview

__WorldWindJS__ is a fork of the popular [Web WorldWind](https://github.com/NASAWorldWind/WebWorldWind)
library from NASA and ESA. This fork provides a release channel for builds based on the latest fixes
and features from the WebWorldWind develop branch integrated with several enhancements from the 
WorldWind community. 

WorldWindJS releases can be downloaded from the [GitHub](https://github.com/emxsys/worldwindjs/releases) 
or from [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/worldwindjs).  Of course, you can fork or clone this
project and build the library yourself using the instructions in the [README](https://github.com/emxsys/worldwindjs/blob/master/README.md).

## Quick Start

Do you want to start developing right away? 

- Browse the source code for a [web-app-template](https://github.com/emxsys/worldwindjs/tree/master/apps/web-app-template)
- View/edit a completed app in [JSFiddle](https://jsfiddle.net/emxsys/e0a2z1km/)

Are you interested in building a WorldWindJS geo-browser or embedding a globe in a web page using [React](https://reactjs.org)? 
Checkout these resources: 

- [worldwind-react-globe](https://github.com/emxsys/worldwind-react-app) - A Globe component that encapsulates WorldWindJS
- [worldwind-react-globe-bs4](https://github.com/emxsys/worldwind-react-app) - Bootstrap UI components for the Globe component
- [worldwind-react-app](https://github.com/emxsys/worldwind-react-app) - An example geo-browser web app 

# How to Build a WorldWindJS Web App

This tutorial shows you how to build a [WorldWindJS](https://github.com/emxsys/worldwindjs) web app
using [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/getting-started/introduction/) and 
[Knockout](http://knockoutjs.com/index.html). You will build a feature-rich, responsive, 
customizable web app ready to be deployed to your site. This tutorial demonstrates:

- Initializing WorldWindJS with 3D globes and/or 2D maps
- Configuring and managing layers and settings
- Place name searches and geocoding
- Creating placemarks
- Going to locations
- Multi-globe support

This is what we will build:
<script async src="//jsfiddle.net/emxsys/e0a2z1km/embed/result/"></script>

## Let's Begin

- [Lesson 1: HTML with Bootstrap](lesson-1.md) 
- [Lesson 2: WorldWind Globe](lesson-2.md) 
- [Lesson 3: Layer Management with Knockout](lesson-3.md) 
- [Lesson 4: Place Search and Geocoding](lesson-4.md)
